.\" Copyright © 1998 James Troup <james@nocrew.org>
.\"
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or
 \" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
 \" published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the
 \" License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
 \" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
.\" General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program.  If not, see
.\" <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.TH buildd 1 .\" "Command Manual" 1998-11-20 "November 20, 1998"
.SH NAME
buildd \- build daemon to rebuild debian packages from source automatically
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B buildd
.SH VERSION
This man page documents buildd from 1998-11-20.
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBbuildd\fR is a daemon to automatically rebuild Debian binary
packages from the corresponding Debian source packages.  It uses
sbuild to do the actual building and uses the wanna-build database to
determine what to build.
.PP
As long as the wanna-build database or some other properly locking
database is used to determine what packages are built, the build
daemon is fully scaleable; i.e. you can run as many as you want on as
many different machines as you want.
.PP
\fBbuildd\fR builds the packages and sends the logs of the builds to
the daemon's administrator.  Handling of replies and uploading of
packages are done by the buildd-mail and buildd-uploader tools.
.PP
\fBbuildd\fR can be configured via /etc/buildd.conf or with the
builddconfif program.
.SS OPTIONS
\fBbuildd\fR takes no arguments.
.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
The following environment variables are used by \fBsbuild\fR:
.IP "HOME"
The home directory of the user.
.SH FILES

.SH DIAGNOSTICS
Log files.
.SH BUGS
None known at this time.
.PP
Email bug reports to
.BR buildd-disc@nocrew.org .
Be sure to include the word ``buildd'' somewhere in the ``Subject:'' field.
.SH AUTHOR
.nf
Roman Hodek
Roman.Hodek@informatik.uni-erlangen.de
.fi
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.SP
.BR sbuild ( 1 ),
.BR buildd-mail ( 1 ),
.BR buildd-mail-wrapper ( 1 ),
.BR buildd-uploader ( 1 ),
.BR buildd-watcher ( 1 ),
.BR buildd.conf ( 5 ),
.BR builddconfig ( 8 ).
